add homebrew config in jreleaser (#435)
seqeralabs/tower-cli: README.md

    sudo mv tw /usr/local/bin/
    ```

> 4. Homebrew (Linux and macOS): If you use [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/), you can install like this:
> 
>     ```bash
>     brew install seqeralabs/tap/tw
>     ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Alternative: Homebrew (Linux and macOS)

    tw-cli is published to the Seqera [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/) tap and can be installed like this: 

    ```bash
    brew install seqeralabs/tap/tw
    ```
```
